# UW-LIS545-AO3-fics-and-tags
This repository is a Term Project for UW LIS 545 in Spring Quarter 2023 taught by Mayernick. It will contain 4 things:
1. A “README” file that lists and describes all of the other files that are included in the repository
2. A link to data files from Archive of Our Own (AO3). Github does not accept file uploads larger than 25MB. All data files, even when zipped, are larger than 25 MB. The linked data contains 2 CSV files. (a) 1 CSV file about WORKS and accompanying metadata (creation date, language, word count, restricted or not, complete or not, associated tag IDs). (b) 1 CSV file about TAGS and accompanying metadata (tag ID, tag type, tag name, canonical or not, an approximate number of uses, merger ID).
3. Structured metadata file – (not yet uploaded) One or more files in an XML, JSON, or text format that is structured according to a specific metadata standard. If the repository requires metadata to be submitted in a particular standard, please use that. If not, please use the DataCite metadata format, http://schema.datacite.org/
4. Data and Metadata Profile document
5. Repository Profile document
6. Additional Dataset Information document (not yet uploaded) This includes * recommended data citation, *A description of any considerations for long-term preservation. (This might include whether the file formats are proprietary or might be in danger of going obsolete. Whether any specific software is needed to open any of the files), *A statement about a copyright license that would be appropriate for this data set, *A statement about any human subject considerations that apply to this data set. (This might include: Whether the data have personally identifiable data about people; Whether any steps were taken to anonymize or otherwise adjust the data for privacy or ethical reasons)
